# Publication Workflows for the Burroughs documents

The general workflow for the Burroughs documents is as follows:

1. Student encoding staff transcribes and encodes the documents
2. Student encoding staff proofreads the encoded document of another student encoder (encoders should not proofread their own documents, so that as many eyes are on the documents as possible). The proofing process also includes entering corrections!
3. Project manager runs tests on the entire "comparative edition" once all the documents are completed.
4. Students or library staff proof the prototype display versions full HTML documents generated by the project manager.
5. Corrections to the text generated from the proofing process in step 4 are implemented.
6. Ingest packages are generated after corrections from Step 4 are entered.
7. Barring any serious last-minute problems, these ingest packages are used to publish in Islandora.

The anatomy of an ingest packages is as follows:

1. Pseudo-TEI 

The pseudo-tei contains the div-level TEI files for each individual <surface> (page). It is considered pseudo-TEI because it does not contain a full TEI file (which consists of a <text> element and a <teiHeader>). These files are created from the pseudo-TEI.xsl stylesheet. The naming convention for these files is:

`spec-coll-file-id_pagenum.content.xml`

2. HTML

The HTML files consist of the HTML for display within the Islandora environment. These are created from the display.xsl stylesheet. The naming convention for these files is:

`spec-coll-file-id_pagenum.display.html`

3. MODS

The MODS files for each page are generated from information in the TEI header, and are supplemented by information on a page-by-page basis. These files are transformed with the header2mods.xsl stylesheet. The naming convention for these files is:

`spec-coll-file-id_pagenum.mods.xml`

4. Plaintext index

This is the plaintext index which is necessary for collation using the Collatex software. These files are generated by the index-plain.xsl stylesheet. The naming convention for these files is:

`spec-coll-file-id_pagenum.index.txt`

5. HTML index

This index is necessary for the HTML display of each sentence in the comparative interface. These files are generated by the index-tags.xsl stylesheet. While these indices have the file extension `.html`, they are not actual HTML files. The naming convention for these files is:

`spec-coll-file-id_pagenum.index.html`
